chore(website): Product Updates 4 (#8491)
cloudquery/cloudquery: website/pages/blog/product-updates-4.mdx

---
title: "CloudQuery Product Updates #4"
tag: product
date: 2023/02/27
description: >-
  Monthly updates on CloudQuery product and roadmap.
author: yevgenypats
---

import { BlogHeader } from "../../components/BlogHeader"

<BlogHeader/>

Hey everyone! Our monthly round-up of CloudQuery product and roadmap updates is here! This month was packed!

## SDK Updates

> - Better Migrations that supports safe and force for all destinations [688](https://github.com/cloudquery/plugin-sdk/pull/688)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Better migrations that allow users to choose between "safe" and "forced" migrations for all destinations [688](https://github.com/cloudquery/plugin-sdk/pull/688)!
```

## Destinations

### New Destinations

We've added 4 new destinations to CQ!

* [Elasticsearch](/docs/plugins/destinations/elasticsearch/overview)
* [ClickHouse](/docs/plugins/destinations/clickhouse/overview)
* [Firehose](/docs/plugins/destinations/firehose/overview)
* [MySQL](/docs/plugins/destinations/mysql/overview)

## Sources

### New Sources

We've welcomed 4 partners and community plugins!

- [Scaleway](https://www.cloudquery.io/docs/plugins/sources/overview#partners)
- [Simple Analytics](https://www.cloudquery.io/docs/plugins/sources/overview#partners)
- [Swetrix](https://www.cloudquery.io/docs/plugins/sources/overview#partners)
- [SharePoint](https://www.cloudquery.io/docs/plugins/sources/overview#community-plugins)

We've added 5 new official source plugins to CQ both in the infra and analytics space!

* [PostgreSQL CDC](/docs/plugins/sources/postgresql/overview)
* [Homebrew](/docs/plugins/sources/homebrew/overview)
* [HubSpot](/docs/plugins/sources/hubspot/overview)
* [Mixpanel](/docs/plugins/sources/mixpanel/overview)
* [Plausible Analytics](/docs/plugins/sources/plausible/overview)
* [Launch Darkly](/docs/plugins/sources/launchdarkly/overview)

> Numerous updates to [AWS](https://github.com/cloudquery/cloudquery/blob/main/plugins/source/aws/CHANGELOG.md), [GCP](https://github.com/cloudquery/cloudquery/blob/main/plugins/source/gcp/CHANGELOG.md) and [Azure](https://github.com/cloudquery/cloudquery/blob/main/plugins/source/azure/CHANGELOG.md).

Reviewer: It would be nice if we could summarize the newly added tables here (though we should probably improve our changelogs first, so we can see it from there)

Author: Yeah I think maybe changelog first improvement first.

## Other notable blogs and use-cases

### Engineering

- [Stream Changes from PostgreSQL to Any Destination with Change Data Capture](/blog/postgres-cdc-to-any-destination).

### Security

> - [How to use CloudQuery for Attack Surface Management and Graph Visualization](/blog/outdated-aws-iam-policy-language)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Outdated Default AWS IAM Policy Language Versions](/blog/outdated-aws-iam-policy-language)
```
